[ETP-324] Fix WooCommerce cart calculation when decimal point is set to 0 (#2046)
the-events-calendar/event-tickets: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= [TBD] =

> * Fix - Fixed cart calculation inconsistency with WooCommerce while decimal point settings was set to 0. [ETP-324]

Reviewer: Not sure if "decimal point" is clear here. I'd talk about "number of decimals".

```suggestion
* Fix - Fixed cart calculation inconsistency with WooCommerce when the "Number of decimals" setting was set to `0`. [ETP-324]
```
